Create assisted_compliance.md (#74)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: assisted_compliance.md

## Title
Helping repo owners be compliant by writing their CONTRIBUTING.md for them as a pull request

### Alternate titles
* Let us help you be compliant
* Assisted compliance

## Problem
The team that owns the repository doesn't have a CONTRIBUTING.md; the task force needs them to have this to submit bug fixes.

> ## Context

Reviewer: The way the context is written make me think that the pattern only applies in a very narrow case. I feel we need to abstract a few things to make it more applicable.

Author: Can you suggest some ways to abstract it? Is the key restrictive context the mandatory nature of the CONTRIBUTING.md file?

> * Teams owning the repository resist compliance-related mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer 2: Would it be more accurate to say that they are resisting or just that they aren't getting around to it because they continually have other things that are taking their time (as implied by the 3rd bullet point)?

Author: Maybe we could say: Teams owning the repository are not complying with mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer 2: That works - a simple statement of fact without connotation of intent.

Reviewer 3: The modified sentence is in the pattern now. Resolving.
> Teams owning the repository are not complying with mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md

> * Teams owning the repository resist compliance-related mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Teams owning the repository are not complying with mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md
```

> * Compliance guys have to do a job; this is made difficult by teams resisting this.

Reviewer: Can we elaborate why it is mandatory to have a contribute.md? In our case, it's mandatory to have a `readme.md` and the `contribute.md` is optional. Maybe we can abstract that somewhat.

Author: How about:
* Teams owning the repository resist compliance-related mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md. Having this file is mandated in support of the InnerSource program, to ensure that there is a known and stated process for submitting PRs and having them be appropriately checked and accepted.

Reviewer 3: Fixed as suggested. Resolving.

* Teams are focusing on business value; CONTRIBUTING.md compliance is viewed as not as important.
* Special task force for security and compliance: developers responsible for fixing these bugs across the company.

> * You have to do these fixes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Fixing this as suggested in https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns/pull/74/files#r169645127

> * You have to do these fixes.

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on this one, @NewMexicoKid ?

Author: It's been a while, but I suspect that the "you have to do these fixes" line can be removed--it was probably a comment after the previous line.

Reviewer 3: Fixing as suggested.

* Negotiations are being held but they are slow and little progress is made.
* The task force is discovering the needed information for a CONTRIBUTING.md as they investigate the problem.
* There is a checklist for being InnerSource compliant.
* There is a need to be Security compliant.
* There may be export control compliance and legal compliance requirements; a template is provided to repository owners

## Forces

> * Teams have been resisting this; this ends up wasting time.

Reviewer: Looks like context to me

* Making documents part of the repo skeleton might be "rubber stamping"; better to have teams own this. So too much automation in this case is bad.

## Solution

> * Rather than asking the resisting team to do the changes, they create the documentation (in addition to negotiations)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Rather than asking the resisting team to do the changes, the policing task force that discovers the lack of compliance create the documentation (in addition to negotiations)
```

Fixing as suggested in https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns/pull/74/files#r169645540

> * Rather than asking the resisting team to do the changes, they create the documentation (in addition to negotiations)

Reviewer: Please clarify: who is _they_?

Author: The policing task force that discovers the lack of compliance.

Reviewer 3: Fixing as suggested.

* Taking the contributor perspective (contributors are motivated). They are writing the CONTRIBUTING.md documentation for those teams resistant to doing the fixes, doing this as pull requests. The discussion is then documented in the pull request. The resisting development teams then just correct mistakes.
* "Let us help you be compliant"

> * You could do an audit to assess the state of compliance. Bots could be used to check compliance; and the state of compliance could show up in an internal portal.

Reviewer: I propose to make this less conditional.

Reviewer 4: @gruetter, I agree: IMHO, beneficiaries of an automated PR with a CONTRIBUTING.md doc should be viewed as an act of **_service_**, not _enforcement_.

**Maybe pitch this as a benefit**, e.g., 

> Let us help you market your software and convert users into contributors.

As you can see on the [InnerSourcePattern repository's "Community profile" page](https://github.com/paypal/InnerSourcePatterns/community), GitHub considers CONTRIBUTING one of several [recommended community standards](https://github.com/paypal/InnerSourcePatterns/community):

- [`README.md`](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/#writing-a-readme), 
- [`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/#establishing-a-code-of-conduct), 
- [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/#writing-your-contributing-guidelines), 
- [`LICENSE`](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/#choosing-a-license), 
- `ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md`, and `PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md`

Once people realize value of these documents--e.g., "A good README.md file will help people _discover_ your projects from Intranet search," teams start to realize that CONTRIBUTING docs are a benefit instead of a chore. 

On the other hand, some people just don't want to participate for one reason or another. :neckbeard: 

> :electric_plug: In anticipation of an formally recognized InnerSource Program at my company, I created [`generator-community`][generator-community-url], which generates those recommended community standards _templates_. Once [`generator-community`][generator-community-url] reaches MVP, I'll InnerSource a micro-service that detects repos with docs, and then automatically submit a PR _with the benefits of those docs explained._

[generator-community-url]: https://github.com/commonality/generator-community#generator-community

Author: While it is ideal to persuade rather than to enforce, the fact that this pattern was written shows that persuasion may not be sufficient. I agree that getting people to understand the benefits should be something tried first (and this should be part of the pattern).

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the clarification, @NewMexicoKid.

Reviewer 3: @gregswindle I know that this conversation here is a loooong while back. I just wanted to let you know what we have merged the pattern to the main line by now. 

I am also curious to learn more about your project https://github.com/commonality/generator-community and what experiences you made with it. If you would like to chat about it, feel free to reply here or join the community in https://innersourcecommons-inviter.herokuapp.com/ :)

## Resulting context
* Contributors become InnerSource champions; they both teach and guide those through the process in a gentler fashion than it would have been done before.
* Many projects pop up without governance; the first chance to interact with them is to help them setup their README.md and be compliant.

> 

Reviewer: Should we also mention that we increase the overall of compliance and the chance of getting more contributions from the outside, ultimately helping the team in question to get more work done?

Reviewer 3: Fixed as suggested.

## Title

Helping repo owners be compliant by writing their CONTRIBUTING.md for them as a pull request

### Alternate titles

* Let us help you be compliant
* Assisted compliance

## Problem

The team that owns the repository doesn't have a CONTRIBUTING.md; the task force needs them to have this to submit bug fixes.

## Context

* Teams owning the repository are not complying with mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md
* Compliance guys have to do a job; this is made difficult by teams resisting this.

> * Teams are focusing on business value; CONTRIBUTING.md compliance is viewed as not as important.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Teams owning the repository resist compliance-related mandates for having a CONTRIBUTING.md. Having this file is mandated in support of the InnerSource program, to ensure that there is a known and stated process for submitting PRs and having them be appropriately checked and accepted.
```

Fixing as suggested in https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns/pull/74/files#r169644654

* Making documents part of the repo skeleton might be "rubber stamping"; better to have teams own this. So too much automation in this case is bad.

## Solution

* Rather than asking the resisting team to do the changes, the policing task force that discovers the lack of compliance create the documentation (in addition to negotiations)
* Taking the contributor perspective (contributors are motivated). They are writing the CONTRIBUTING.md documentation for those teams resistant to doing the fixes, doing this as pull requests. The discussion is then documented in the pull request. The resisting development teams then just correct mistakes.
* "Let us help you be compliant"
* You could do an audit to assess the state of compliance. Bots could be used to check compliance; and the state of compliance could show up in an internal portal.

## Resulting Context

* Contributors become InnerSource champions; they both teach and guide those through the process in a gentler fashion than it would have been done before.
* Many projects pop up without governance; the first chance to interact with them is to help them setup their README.md and be compliant.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* We increase the overall compliance and the chance of getting more contributions from the outside. This ultimately helps the team in question to get more work done.

```

Adding one more point to "Resulting Context" as suggested in https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns/pull/74/files#r168578916
